[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: This thing I'm about to
show you is basically telling you how
to do the exercise,
you're gonna wanna pay close attention.
This is a huge hint, okay?
There's one usage for destructuring
that I have found to kinda be useful.
And it's in the case wherever I
have an object like for example
it's maybe you've had this before, I have
an object that has some properties in it
that represent defaults for some settings,
like maybe for an AJAX call or something.
And then I have a config object where I'm
gonna populate only certain things that I
wanna set.
And what I want is for
all the defaults to kind of get mixed in
together with the ones that I've set.
Anybody in that scenario before?
And you probably use some library or
frameworks like Nixon or
jQuery extend or
I think Underscore calls that extend or
some utility that mixes objects
together in that way, right?
Probably done that before.
The rub is that every framework and
utility does it slightly differently.
Some of them go from left to right.
Some of them for right to left.
Some of them have different rules for
if the thing is present but
if it's an undefined value
does it override it?
If it's not present does it set it?
There all these weird things
that you have to handle.
So if you've got multiples of those
utilities hanging around it can be
hard to remember exactly what
the behavior is of this particular
utility in some corner case.
The point that I'm making is, that
destructuring actually lets us do what I
think might be a declarative form of mix
in without using any utility at all.
So I wanna show you that pattern,
I call this pattern destructuring and
restructuring, okay?
So let's imagine, I'm gonna do
the left and right thing here.
Let's imagine that I
have a couple of objects,
I have like a defaults object that says
I'm gonna pretend in that AJAX scenario.
Let's say I've got a default object
that's got like a method that
defaults to post and it's a callback
that defaults to some empty function.
And let's say it's also got a headers,
sub object that has a content type
that defaults to text slash play, okay?
Just making some stuff up on the fly.
This is my default object, okay?
And then I'm going to somewhere else in
my code, create my config object which is
gonna add some properties in that
don't exist in the defaults.
But any place where defaults is there,
and it's not in the configs.
I want that mixed in there, right?
So that my compound or my mixed in
object has all of that stuff present.
So I might make my config object.
And that one's going to have a URL.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
I will go ahead and
set my own callback is equal to foo.
And I'll say that I wanna add in
headers for x-requested.
I'm just making stuff up on, I don't know.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so
there's my config object.
Now I need to mix these two together,
be with me.
I need to mix these two together.
I could use some kind of extend library or
utility or something.
But I'm gonna show you how we
might do this with destructuring.
So what we could do is,
I'm gonna create myself a block,
an explicit blocks that I
use some block scoping.
And I'm gonna use my let declarer,
because I'm going to create some temporary
variables that I don't want to
pollute the outer scope, okay?
So my temporary variable is
going to come from an object
destructuring and what I'm going to be
destructuring is the config object.
Are you with me?
So what I'm gonna be doing is I have
to know in my head the union of
all the properties that I need
to account for cuz I don't have
a dot dot dot props thing that can collect
other ones that I don't know about.
So in this particular case if I'm doing
this with objects I'm going to need
to know but I know that the ones that
I've written here are the only ones
that we care about for this example.
So I know I need a URL.
Either the URL will be the URL that
I've provided from the config URL or
it might be a default
URL if there was one.
But you'll notice I didn't specify one.
So I'm just gonna list URL.
I need to pull that one out.
Meaning this is kind of required
like you have to give it, okay?
I could also pull out the callback but
in this case, I do have a default,
so I can set the default equal
to the defaults.callback.
And then I'm gonna pull out headers and
this one I'm going to go ahead and
destructure.
So I'm going to say that
the content type is going to,
that property name isn't a valid variable.
So in this case I'm going to
need to give it a target.
So I'll call it content type and
it also has a default
which is defaults.header of content-type,
okay?
Now I know because of my
screen resolution here
things are getting harder to read
because I'm in these long lines.
So I'm just gonna start
breaking some stuff out
to help the readability a little bit.
Okay, but now I've accounted for
that particular header is one.
And I also know that it is possible
to pass in the x requested with.
Even though that doesn't have a default
I need to map that to something so
I'm gonna call that xRequestedWith,
okay?
>> Kyle Simpson: And
finally I need to account for method.
Method is either going to be what I passed
in as method or default.method.
So I have manually accounted for
all the combinations and
what I've done is I've taken
advantage of the built-in default
behavior checking that already
exists in destructuring.
I don't need to reinvent all that logic.
It's in JavaScript and
I'm taking advantage of it.
And I am getting a whole bunch
of individual variables.
I'm gonna have a method variable,
a URL variable,
a callback variable,
content type xRequestedWith.
Those are all gonna be let declare
variables that are hidden inside of this
outer curly brace go.
Did I lose you entirely?
You tracking with me, okay?
So we've broken down our thing and
in the process of broken down.
We've done the mixing by taking
advantage of the default idiom
that's built into the structure.
The last step is then to restructure, to
put all that stuff back into our object.
So now all I have to do is
say config is equal to,
and I need to put this
stuff back together.
Now I need a method property so
I can say method: method.
We haven't talked about this yet but
ES6 also gives us concise properties which
means if they're the same we don't need to
list them twice so I can just say method.
And then I need URL and
I need callback and
I need a headers that's an object
that includes content-type and
x-requested-with.
So now I have restructured
that object back.
And now the two have been mixed together.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
I didn't need a library method and
I'm entirely in control at each one of
these steps of how that mixing happens.
I don't have to rely entirely upon
the algorithm built in the library.
I get to decide for each one of them
how that mixing logic to curse but
also this what this really
starts to point out is
that I don't even really need
the defaults object anymore.
Because wouldn't make a whole lot more
sense for me to just go ahead an inline
those defaults right here.
>> Kyle Simpson: Doesn't that make
the code a whole lot
more self-explanatory?
>> Kyle Simpson: And this one doesn't have
a default.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
now we don't even really need to do that
whole defaults object mixed together.
We're just mixing the default values into
our config object using destructuring and
restructuring.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's
debatable whether or not you think
this is a win, but I think not having
to worry about some library and some
internal quirks and being able to do so
with declarative syntax makes
the code more self documenting.